What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

  It makes the current working directory a git repo. This will initialize the
  files versioning for the working directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
    staging area is the space within which the files that user want to add to
    start version tracking is added before being committed. Files at the
    staging area are selected to be committed when the next commit action is
    taken.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
    Having a staging area allows me to group files that I have changed into
    chunks that are related logically. Therefore allowing me to decide how
    to divide up the commits I will be doing into logical changes.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
    - When trying out experimental or additional features it makes sense to
    branch out of master.
    - When developing alternative versions for the project for example for other
    languages or devices
    - When a mile stone stable version of the project is reached and a new dev
    cycle begins.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
  I can easily see which commits belong to which branches and where split offs
  happen. It also helps in understanding which commits join two branches in
  case I needed to merge them in the future.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
  A new commit that merges the two branches is created. It will merge the
  changes made by both branches into a single commit. The reason it is
  represented by merging branches is because the changes that occur in both
  branches are being merged and becoming one.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
